inna the bend 10 Ultimate Alien series
of toys for ages 6 and up this is the
morph light ultimate swamp fire
flashlight which may be the only useful
Ben 10 toy that I've ever seen because
while I'm not sure how much fun this is
to play with in an emergency situation
like the apocalypse this can be used as
a flashlight or for sending Morse code
signals to ships in the darkness the Ben
10 morph light a practical Ben 10 toy
for your children it even has a little
belt clip so you can wear this thing and
it looks kind of neat actually you can
also scan yourself to see if you're an
alien or zombie this thing has a lot of
different uses please help me my ship
has been attacked by mutants actually I
don't know Morse code but check this out
you get a little ultimate swamp fire
figure that you can put on top of this
thing and he glows when the morph light
is activated Wow that's the least useful
thing you can do with this and it
obstructs your Morse code sending
abilities also I'm not sure why it's fun
what what about that is fun maybe it's
more interesting with the lights off
kind of it's it's really just a fancy
flashlight with a plastic toy the genius
of the Ben 10 series if you or your kids
want to read things in the darkness
using a flashlight that has a green
light then the Ben 10 more flight is for
you look at this I can read an
Intellivision instruction manual with
the lights off thanks to the power of
Ben 10 Ultimate Alien any other source
of light is inferior it also works with
some other Ben 10 toys but not well it's
the Ben 10 mighty mighty mighty more
flights Oh
sumit alien flashlight extravaganza